[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Their face-off with the
mysterious Androids imminent,
our heroes set about training
harder than ever before.
Three years have come and gone,
and though the
fateful day has arrived,
the enemies have yet to
make themselves known.
Exactly who, or what, are
Goku and his friends up against?
The battle begins... Now!
[OPENING SONG]
[GOKU] Slow it down, Gohan.
We've got plenty of time.
No point using up all your
strength just getting
there, right?
[GOHAN]
Right.
So, Goku... Honestly...
...these Androids we re
rushing off to face...
do you think we can beat them?
Well, it's tough to say
before we've seen them...
We'll know soon enough, though.
I'm glad one of us is relaxed...
A pair of glorified tin cans
ought to be child s play...
I can't shake this feeling we're
somehow in over our heads.
Over our heads?
[GOKU] Look, if these things
give you any trouble,
don t put yourself at
risk trying to be a hero.
If you go,
the Dragon Balls go.
Hey, Dad! Look!
Krillin s up there!
Behind you!
Oh, hey...!
You've grown like a weed.
[GOKU]
Yo!
[KRILLIN]
Y-yo...
That s all I get...?
C mon, I thought you d
be happy to see us.
What are you bummed out?
Sorry I'm not more
upbeat about the
thought of squaring off with
some crazy new enemy.
course, I don t have any Super
Saiyan powers to fall back on.
[GOHAN] Hey, we re about nine
miles past South City, right?
[GOHAN] There s the island!
This is place!
[GOKU]
Pretty big island...
[KRILLIN] Yeah. And a densely
populated "pretty big island",
from the looks of it.
We'll have to think of some way
to lure these Android
things away
from the city
once they show up,
so the people living there don't
get caught in the crossfire.
Good thinking.
I'm picking up a
couple of big power
sources from the mountain...
I m guessing that s
Yamcha and the others.
Yeah. Let's go.
See, what I tell ya?
The calvary. Hey!
[YAMCHA]
How's it goin'?
Huh?
Fashionably late as always. Huh?
Bulma?
Is that a...?
Gohan...? Wow... I can t
believe how big you are...!
You're a giant!
Not to be rude... But...
whose idea was it
for you to be here?
[BULMA] I'm not participating...
just observing...
So, once I get a
look at the Androids
we'll be on our way.
Uh, I gotta admit I'm
more interested by the
cute thing in your arms
than your reason
for being here, Bulma.
So you two got married...?
That s great, Yamcha!
Kid's not mine... 'kay?
Bulma and I, we broke
it off... Way back...
Ask her who the proud
papa is. You won't believe it.
The "proud papa's" Vegeta...
Right, Trunks?
How in the world could
you possibly know...?
I hadn't even told
anyone yet because
I was intending for
it to be a surprise.
Oh just the impression
I get from the kid,
I guess... I mean,
with that nose...
it is kind of obvious...
[BULMA]
Okay, but you knew his name.
[GOKU] Wow! I guessed
right on the first try?
Go figure! I must be psychic
Vegeta...? You mean Vegeta
is someone's daddy...?!
Right... so then
where is Vegeta now...?
Out buying formula?
I don't keep tabs on him...
and it s not like he
bothers to tell me anything...
But, I'll bet that he
shows up before long...
Last I saw him, he was
training for this day,
so I doubt he d miss it.
Trust me... Vegeta will be here.
I had to leave
Chiaotzu behind...
Sorry to say but
I just don't think the
little guy would be up for
a fight of this caliber.
[GOHAN]
By the way, what time is it now?
Half past... Which means...
They ought to be here
in another half hour or so.
Good, then while
the coast is clear...
You and the baby need to
get as far away
from here as you can.
I told you I'll leave after I've
had a good look
at the Androids, Goku.
So... Half an hour, huh?
[GOHAN MAKES FUNNY
SOUNDS AND FACES AT TRUNKS]
[TRUNKS LAUGHS AT GOHAN'S FACES]
[GOHAN] Here, Krillin.
You give it a try.
Alright... Huh... What kind
of face would you like?
[TRUNKS LAUGHS AT KRILLIN]
Hey... Lets hold off on
the laughter till I make one.
[GROUP LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO]
Someone's headed this way.
I don t sense evil though.
You... you think it's Vegeta?
No he's evil.
Ah. There they are... Finally.
[YAMCHA]
Yajirobe!
Just in the nick of time.
Heh... You come to
join in the fun, too?
Here... Some Senzu beans
from Korin... Enjoy.
Nice. Thank you...
This is really going to help!
Huh? Uh...
Best of luck, you guys.
Hey wait, you're not going to
stay and fight with us?
Yeah, sorry, I've got
this little thing
I like to do called not
getting creamed...
So I'll have to take
a rain check on that.
Well, so much for punctual.
It's ten o'clock
right on the dot,...
and I'm still not picking up
even the faintest sign of them.
That is kinda strange...
This whole thing's starting
to smell like a hoax to me,
somebody's big
idea of a laugh...
He didn't say they'd be
here at the stroke of ten
and it's only seventeen after...
Too early to get optimistic.
If these guys
were half as tough as
they've been made out to
be we'd have sensed them...
It's not like that kind
power can just hide;
if they'd touched down
anywhere we'd know.
[EXPLOSION]
[SURPRISED EXPRESSIONS]
Wha... What was that?!
[KRILLIN]
It's Yajirobe!
Look there...!
Something in the sky!
He was attacked from above!
[GROUP REACTS SHOCKED]
[TIEN]
They've landed in the city!
Did you see where?!
[KRILLIN]
Did you see who they were?
[GOKU] No, sorry... I wasn t
able to get a good look at them.
And... come to think of it...
I didn t sense any power
from them, either...
Wait... the Androids
are machines, right...?
So... maybe we can t sense them!
What...?!
[KRILLIN]
This is bad...
[PICCOLO]
They're under our radar.
We'll have to track them down
the old fashioned way.
Right... Everyone...
pick a street...!
You stay here. Hold on to these!
[GOKU]
Don t try to take them on alone.
If you get a fix on them,
let the rest of us know...
Gohan-- I need you
to see about Yajirobe...
I think he bailed out.
Right!
Let's go!
Come on. I know
you're here somewhere...
This is bad...
I should've had Trunks
show me a photograph
of these things...
Come out...! Cowards!
He... He just flew!
Regular Joes... Regular Joes...
Hey you! See anything weird?!
Uh, yeah...
Yeah?
I... I see you!
[CROWDS WHISPER AT
THE SITE OF PICCOLO]
You think you're going
to be alright?
Who were those guys? Ow!
[CROWDS TALKING]
[YAMCHA]
Cut me some slack.
Couple a freaky robots
oughtta stick out like
a sore thumb...!
[BLOND MAN] I'm telling you it
crashed into the ocean...!
Yo... You fellas
saw that, right...?
A skycar blew up... dropped
like a rock into the bay...
[BLOND MAN]
Hello...?
Uh, okay...
[ANDROID 19 MAKES
COMPUTING SOUNDS]
[CAR HORN HONKS]
Hey! Get out of the road...!
Yeah, I'm talkin' to you!
Move it...! Don't make
me get out of this car!
[ENGINE TRYING TO TURN OVER]
[PINK HAIRED WOMAN SCREAMS]
Bingo!
[PINK HAIRED WOMEN]
Somebody!
An exceptionally
strong power signature
is moving within range...
Provide confirmation scan now.
[ANDROID 19]
Analysis confirmed.
The source is closing
in on our position.
[GERO] Excellent. And it
exceeds average human ability?
First hypothesis...
Source: Goku.
'kay... Should be close.
Duh?
You've gotta be kiddin' me!
Where are they?
Hey, you!
You get a look at the
ones responsible...?
C mon guys
[GRAY SHIRT MAN]
One second they were here,
the next they
vanished into thin air!
Great... They can vanish.
Now what...?
I better rally the others.
[ANDROID 19] First hypothesis
rejected... Source is not Goku.
Statistics align at
ninety-two percent
with database model for Yamcha.
Nonetheless, his energy
can be appropriated.
Then again... what would I be
rallying the others to...?
The enemy already took off.
Hey you two see anything...?
I'm trying to hunt down
the psychopaths who did this...
Wait ...Red Ribbon...?
You've found them.
Guys! They're here!
Huh? Arghh!
[MASSIVE EXPLOSION]
[CROWDS REACT SHOCKED]
Here we go!
[CRACKLING FIRE]
[YAMCHA THINKS]
He's draining me!
S-Someone's energy's
dropping... Quickly...
Whose is it...? Don't tell
me it's Yamcha's...!
Bout time they
showed themselves!
[GOKU]
Yamcha!
[TIEN, GOKU and PICCOLO]
No!
Go, Krillin... Take Yamcha
and get out of here...
I left the bag of Senzu
beans with Bulma,
she s back on the ridge...
Get him there quickly
and make him eat one.
Done and done.
[GOKU]
We are all counting on you.
Right!
So these are the
fearsome Androids?
Not quite the monsters
I d imagined.
Hmm.
How strange... You have
identified us as Androids
before we ve given
any indication...
What s more...
...you appear to have
all gathered here in
anticipation of our arrival.
[GERO]
Explain this...
Who informed you of our plans?
[PICCOLO] If you want
that answer you ll just
have to go home and
write me a polite letter!
As you wish.
Hang on...! There s too
many innocent people here...
Let's take it outside
the city limits...
[GOKU]
Fair enough?!
You propose to relocate.
Why is that?
A problem of too many
people is easily corrected.
[LASERS SHOOTING]
[EXPLOSION]
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
Stop!!!
What the...?
What's going on down there?
[YAMCHA] I don't believe
what I'm seeing...
They torched the city
in a matter of seconds!
[YAMCHA]
What are we supposed to do?
[CROWDS IN PANIC]
Mommy! I'm scared!
Look out!
How could you?
It was my understanding you
wanted the streets
free of onlookers.
Evidently our solution
does not please you.
You... Follow me so I can
turn you to shrapnel!
Your victory will not
be the outcome.
Very well...
We will follow you...
Select the place of your
defeat... Goku.
What? How do these freaks
know your name?!
[GERO]
We know more than that...
Your name is Piccolo...
And you are the
one called Tien.
[POLICE SIRENS]
There ll be time
for questions later.
Come on!
[GOHAN]
They're on Dad's tail!
[YAMCHA] The others are right
behind them though...
[KRILLIN] What?! Oh man, I sure
hope he knows what he's doing.
He hasn t even seen the
worst of what
those guys can do...!
I've got to warn him that
they can siphon your energy...
...fast!
[NARRATOR]
The Androids have made their
explosive entrance
onto the scene,
but their ultimate objective
remains shrouded in mystery.
Do they have a personal vendetta
against Goku and his friends?
What's behind their
shocking ability
to drain an opponent's energy?
More importantly,
can our heroes meet such an
enigmatic foe on equal footing?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[CLOSING SONG]
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku...!
So all our battles up to now,
you've been watching
from a distance?
[GERO] Indeed. And I estimate
Number Nineteen
can defeat you without
my intervention.
[GOKU]
Don't call it just yet.
In Super Saiyan form,
I might just throw
you both for a loop.
Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Wow. Dad's kinda
starting to scare me a little...